[Music]
hey everybody welcome to impact theory
regardless of what's happening in the
world i cannot emphasize enough how
important it is to never ever ever ever
stop exercising your mind
learning is going to be the thing that
pushes you forward so today we're going
to highlight some of the remarkable past
guests we've had that have been deemed
the new thought leaders by success
magazine and on this special episode we
are hoping that you guys will take the
information because it will shape and
improve your life if you let it because
these people are the very people
defining what personal development truly
means so get ready buckle up have your
mind open
and behold our first guest the one and
only gabrielle bernstein
one of the things i want to talk about
and this is one of my favorite ideas
that you have is the notion that between
you and feeling better is a decision to
stop feeling bad
which gets into neurochemistry for me
and like the ability for us to
consciously shift our moods yeah
how does one
do that well first let's address the
viewer listener out there that's like
well i'm depressed or i'm broke or i'm
chronically ill
how could i decide to stop feeling bad
right let's just be real with that one
and uh
i want to give an example of what that
meant for me in my own life and so uh
recently about five months ago i just
was diagnosed with postpartum depression
anxiety and insomnia
having authored seven self-help books
and
having to to really fall to my knees and
realize that there was something really
happening here and the reason i was able
to find the right resources and doctors
and and even medication that i needed to
to live to survive to not you know not
do difficult things to myself
was uh because of this method because of
this belief system
even in my darkest moment even in the
deep depression i was able to say that
each day i could reach into what was a
better feeling experience so you would
think through what that looked like i
would celebrate the good stuff i would
say okay i slept one extra hour last
night or think thank god i have a
husband in child care that can support
me through this period or i am opening
up now to the possibility of taking
medication if i have to so even just
leading leading myself proactively into
a better feeling thought even if that
better feeling thought was still kind of
low vibe it was better than despair
right and so it is reconditioning your
your brain functioning but it's also a
spiritual act because
when we have those moments where we say
i'd like to see things differently
that's actually a prayer right and the
more often we do it we change the neural
pathways you talk about thoughts taking
form i found that really interesting and
i'm
this is a terrible way to say it but i'm
glad that you went through something so
profound because
i think there's a lot of legitimacy then
that's lent to that because
so lisa and i a dear friend of ours his
son just committed suicide and that [__]
is so scary to me yeah that you sort of
believe that that neurochemistry is
going to last forever and if you're not
taking steps to
get out of that whether it's going and
seeking professional help getting
medication
and certainly spending time to remind
yourself that these things are
ultimately changeable one way or the
other
it it becomes a sense of despair like
you said yeah and i think that you're
making a really good point which is that
that i am glad that this happened to me
particularly now that i'm feeling much
better but i can look back and say okay
that was that was divine work that was
intended that was no accident because
now i you know for i've been speaking
for 15 years on spiritual topics but i
was never fully i was probably part of
the stigma you know i was like i was
looking at my audiences and saying like
someone would be like i'm depressed and
i wouldn't ever in a million years to
get off your medication or like that was
not my style but i would say things like
well you know you need to deepen your
meditation practice and there is
actually a point where your meditation
practice just doesn't work and that was
the case for me you know it's like when
you're dealing with a biochemical issue
your tools will no longer work and that
was exactly what happened for me and i
love that i can speak to that with
authenticity and i love that i can
really really look at mental illness
with so much more compassion
understanding and education than i would
have had i not been through this myself
and to speak publicly about the fact
that i had to go on medication
right when i was about to launch my
seventh self-help book you know and that
it saved my life
[Music]
our peers in the locker room in the
school
after school activities whenever
a peer or other boys are telling you
don't fall down don't crawl don't cry
don't show emotion don't be a you know
any type of word we want to use here
don't be a little girl don't be a
whatever it may be
all you want to do is be accepted in
this little community of your peers when
you're growing up you want to be
accepted
and if you stand up to the peers your
group that you're in and you're like you
know what i'm going to rise above this
and i am going to show my emotions and i
am going to cry or i am going to
not bully the other people like you're
bullying them i'm not gonna laugh at
that kid because that doesn't feel good
but when you get outcast for trying to
be a good human being
as a seven-year-old twelve-year-old
fifteen-year-old
from teammates bandmates classmates
whatever
you don't want to be alone as a kid
feeling isolated as a child from my mind
is the scariest thing
because that leads to depression which
leads to
you know drugs alcohol suicides
prison you know i witnessed this
firsthand what it was like feeling
outcast and the thoughts
the conversations i had with myself by
feeling alone
going to the principal's office and
every time going to the principal's
office when i would get in trouble
i would say i wish i were dead
i was like i have no friends
why am i even alive i wish i were dead i
remember saying this
second grade third grade fourth grade
so for me it's like okay i need to put
on something to be accepted by people
i need to be
the biggest fastest strongest so that
i'm accepted on a sports team i need to
be able to get a girlfriend so that
other guys think i'm cool and they'll
hang out with me i need to be able to
make money so that i can take people out
and pay for their lunch and dinner
i need to be able to be driven enough so
that i'm accepted in society and i think
that's the challenge it's hard to feel
like i have these like morals and ideals
and i'm going to stand up as a a
seven-year-old boy and like screw the
world this is who i what i am what i
stand for
i don't care if you don't want to be my
friend i can do it on my own like we
don't think that way growing up
we want to just feel accepted and loved
and just be a part of the class
and i never felt that way and so i was
driven to be part of my class my team
and um
now i grew up very loving and supportive
but i also grew up
driven with these masks to try to be
even more accepted because i was afraid
to be alone
so how have you learned to
read your emotions to not just give in
to them and to have the same kind of
high degree of you know consciousness
around how you shape that as well
one revisiting it a lot but
let's give a framework to what you're
talking about and then we'll drop into
the emotion piece is
i love that you keep saying it's simple
and for some people they they don't
think that way so it's not simple so
let's give them a framework number one
what we're really talking about here is
contemplation
really thinking through and using the
power of thought what you want what do
you want to be like what are the skills
you want to deliver what's the service
you want to offer to the world number
two the consistency of action
to not only create that in your own body
in your own mind but create that start
creating that result in the world that's
really important number three is courage
because it takes courage to put yourself
out there and try to get a little better
like it was even just laying in bed
visualizing myself doing something on
stage that was way outside my boundaries
of like comfort like walk across the
stage really fast like walk down to the
audience and give high fives and you
know say something strong or you know
admit something or share something
vulnerable like that's
courage that's scary but the other thing
is i think that you and i have always
had which sometimes is undervalued is we
also had community
we had
other people or you had lisa
you know i had denise
we had
people in our industry or our peer set
who we
looked up to or who we could learn from
or we could be like this sucks this is
hard
and for me coming back to your emotional
element
that has been everything for me
community having people in my life who i
can you know when i'm on
the road for x amount of time or i'm
dealing with a super hard client or
we're rolling out a leadership program
to a fortune 50 company or you know i'm
doing my first you know major deal with
oprah winfrey network and i don't know
what to do
i'm so incredibly fast
of asking people what to do
i'm also incredibly fast in sharing how
i feel about it
being like oh you know i feel really
awkward about this
uh you know i'm unsure you know i'm
having a lot of self-doubt how would you
deal with it like i'm somebody who
expresses his emotions all the time my
frigging tag line is bring the joy like
everybody knows that why because i want
to make sure people know you're we're
going to create this energy because
emotion is not something you have it is
something you generate
emotion can be an impulse
but feelings
is our interpretations of those impulse
over a period of time and i said i want
to feel vibrancy joy love connection
satisfaction fulfillment in my life
so i'm going to learn to generate those
emotions how do you learn to generate
the emotions
you read psychology how do you learn to
generate the emotions you try like
you're just like
i'm going to go we're going to have date
night tonight i'm gonna make it a fun
night
i'm gonna make it a fun night i'm gonna
i'm gonna do things to see can i make
people laugh can i make people turn
their lights on um you learn to
control your own emotions
and or deal with them in better ways as
you decide to be a more mature person
[Music]
one of the chapters in your book if i'm
not mistaken it was the last chapter is
about legacy yeah how do you think about
legacy i like personally i don't think a
lot about legacy i think a lot about
phases of our lives so i i fully
resonate with what you're saying about
walking around the graveyard which i
would [__] love to do with you
someday that would be sure real
um
but how do you conceptualize
that
do you have markers in your head about
what you're striving towards like how
deep do you go in sort of the like we're
all headed to the grave yeah i don't i
don't get to
the particular parts of it like you know
like how my funeral's gonna be set up
that creeps out
so i don't get that end up but i do
think about like the question that i ask
myself and it's come up a lot more to me
you know and i i haven't figured out why
but i asked myself you know like what
really matters
and there's a quote by bob goff and i'm
probably not going to get this right but
he said basically like
his biggest fear was like being
successful at the wrong things
and the quote is like way more beautiful
than that but
i'm paraphrasing it's like i used to
have a fear of not succeeding
but my fear now is succeeding at the
wrong things
and i think about that a lot like what's
really going to matter at the end of my
life and i literally prioritize my life
around that i heard you say something
once you want to talk about i'm going to
butcher one of your just insanely
eloquent and beautiful quotes but you
said uh you're not a success
unless you're a success to your family
yeah and i thought that was really
interesting something because i don't
have kids i don't spend a lot of time
about but i do think a lot about what my
wife thinks of me like that's a far more
powerful motivator to me and then you
talked about how basically how do you
feel about yourself and if you don't
feel good about yourself then you've got
some fundamental flaw that you need to
address
how do you help people begin to take
stock of where they're at with
themselves reality so i have a rehab
process and the first r is reality it's
facing reality too many people run from
it you know my quota is you'll never win
your war by running from your battles
and so you got to step up and you got to
face it i don't care what it is it might
be something in your past it might suck
to face it for me it was facing that my
dream was over my identity so for
somebody watching this it might be a
relationship it might be a job but i
kept running and the thing about it like
you can run all you want but reality is
going to be right there when you stop
and it's gonna chase you or even if it
doesn't chase it's gonna be right there
you have to face it so i really let
people know that acknowledgement is
power people think if i acknowledge that
i'm hurt or i need help
i need help is the most powerful thing
that you can say
and i realized that in my life because
immediately you have people that are
going to help you and grow your life
exposing yourself like in a positive way
obviously but expose yourself we think
that we always have to be so sheltered
that we have to be so strong especially
with the social media world it's like oh
i have to have everything together
that's like a silent depression that's
gonna happen when you suppress things
like that when you smile for the camera
but die behind the scenes which i did so
well for so long in my life you're never
gonna fool the person that you see in
the mirror every single day so i got
really comfortable with saying
i suck at this i need help and literally
in my business life and my personal life
in the last year it's been the greatest
year of my life just by asking for help
and exposing my weaknesses in certain
areas
one of the things that i resonate so
much with your work is
your own ability to get through
something to walk through trauma as you
talk a lot about and to help other
people walk through trauma one thing i
think would be really powerful i'd love
to hear like the story about your
brother
is is extraordinary i'd love to hear how
you walked through that
yeah uh so my older brother ryan was
paranoid schizophrenic uh had severe
depression um that started
i don't he was three years older than me
and i don't have a memory of him being
sick when i was little he's just my big
brother and
but as i think about the time that he
started to go through puberty was when
it started to really manifest and my
parents tried everything like every
therapist every doctor
and it just
for a myriad of reasons just didn't work
when he was 17 years old he shot himself
and i had gone into his room to ask him
to give me a ride to school that day and
i found him and
the
that
you know 14 like that kind of trauma i
uh
for years i mean i think the years after
he died i don't even have a very clear
memory of because it was so much weight
i had and still do have some effects but
really severe ptsd from that
terrified you know any loud noise
still super sensitive to sound and had
really bad insomnia as a young adult and
all of these things that i didn't
understand were the result of what had
happened that day
and um
it was it was horrible my my childhood
and family life was never good but that
decimated everything i mean there was
nothing left of our family when that
happened
and
i
really destroyed
both my parents and
have never recovered from that and
honestly now that i have children i i
understand i don't know how you come
back from that place
but i was also
the baby of four
and i was 14 and it did feel very much
like
aren't i enough of a reason to keep
living and i never said that to them but
i definitely
felt that way
it's also why i you know graduated high
school a year early from right after he
died like i started taking every class
that i could and got the credits that i
needed so i could graduate early and i
moved to l.a at 17 to get out of the
house
i didn't want to be in that place
anymore and i think at the time i had
convinced myself that if i could just
get to a different city i think a lot of
us do this we think if i could just move
to new york or if i could just get to la
or if i could if only i could lose you
know 50 pounds or if only i could have
this or you you think that your
happiness is dependent on something
outside yourself and for me i thought i
just need to be out of this town and
then i got to la and re realized like oh
that's just geography like it doesn't
matter where you go
i'm still always going to be here so
i
i think for many years i just tried to
survive it
but i will say for all the ways that my
parents struggled something i think they
did really well
was they made me
go to therapy immediately and they
forced me to go
often for years
and i there were so many times that i
sat in the therapist's office and said
nothing for an hour arms crossed like
screw you i'm not going to say anything
but having
having someone in your life a huge
advocate for therapy having someone in
your life
that won't cry
if you tell a hard story is really
important if you are someone who's
always sort of shouldered the weight of
things for your family or kind of been
the one that takes care of everybody
else
you don't share your hardships you don't
share your struggles because you don't
want anyone else to hurt and so now i'm
surrounded by all these people who are
hurting and i can't tell them what i saw
and i can't tell them you know all the
things that i'm struggling with but a
therapist for me was a lifeline because
if i told them those things
they didn't know ryan and so it didn't
hurt them to hear and i needed that
desperately
as you were talking just now i thought
god is his secret power that he doesn't
judge himself do you do you feel like
you judge yourself i don't
that's a very very very good observation
and it's what i want for everybody else
we're beating ourselves up
like everybody sucks at something
right like we all have shortcomings and
we all have strengths and for me it's
like why don't we just audit that like
why don't we just look at it that way
and be like all right well i'm good at
this but i'm not good at that like
and then and then and then i only focus
what i'm good at right like i don't
dwell that i can't fix [__] around the
house i call somebody to fix it like i'm
not like i'm not a man i don't give a
[__] like you know like like you know
like i don't i don't get it like we all
like i also think it's awesome that i'm
so emotionally stable and i'm the
emotional backbone of everybody is that
what a dude's supposed to do like like
these cliches these stereotypes they're
so silly um you're exactly right man i
don't judge myself i'm fully in love
with myself
but i'm also fully in love with
everybody else too right it's not like
like it goes both ways like i tell
people to buy into me that work for me
it's because i buy into them first
like i don't need anybody to gain trust
with me i've it's there like i believe
that the human
race is so grossly underrated we are
good
of course we have some bad there's
[__] seven billion of us
but like when you look at our net score
it's bonkers [__] like do you know how
much damage we could be doing to each
other on a hourly basis and we don't
like we're still here like we won we're
the alpha being and we've figured out
how to stay together this is insane when
you think about it
and yet everybody wants to dwell on like
somebody said something mean
what i love is in that though is your
whole concept of nobody's ever let me
down
so this is what i always tell people
about the things you're ever going to
hear me say will always be consistent
with exactly what i'd say if you woke me
up in the middle of the night and then
punch me in the head because it has to
be so real it has to be so fundamental
to who i am as a human being that i'll
give you that answer even if i'm dazed
and confused right just because that is
my [__] north star it's like my true
foundation
and
hearing you talk about how no one's ever
let you down it's like like like to me
it's just binary like unless it's
complete death blow death to me and my
17 people that i give a [__] about like
everything else is super secondary and
let me tell you something if you
actually get into that mindset it gets
real good like everybody like makes
these big deals out of things that just
don't matter it's perspective you know
my selfishness comes from my
selflessness
like it's what makes me feel good i see
it in my mother my mom is the epicenter
to every single person in her life her
sister-in-law her you know cousins aunts
everybody goes to her that's her comfort
zone me too askgaryvee like like this is
my comfort zone like i like this like i
hate when people are like what can i do
for you like i i say nothing i don't
want anything i hate that feeling i went
into my family business because i felt
like i owed it to like pay them back
those are my parents so if that's what i
feel about them what do you think i
think about everybody else
[Music]
what are some of the most interesting
and useful lessons about creativity
you've pulled from the book
uh the first that comes to mind is
setting really low expectations
and then this
and i'll tell you what i was expecting
well not what a lot of people expect and
when i spoke to say paulo cuello who's
sold 100 million plus copies the
alchemist etc
you talk to
rick rubin so let me give his example
first when he has a musician who's stuck
great musician but
they've developed
performance anxiety about songwriting
for whatever reason
he will say do you think you could get
me
one sentence or maybe
two words that you like by tomorrow
that's it two words can you do that for
me and he gives them a micro assignment
uh best writing advice that i probably
ever received and i've received a lot of
good writing advice but i can get myself
really wound up
because i expect perfection to flow from
my fingertips like magic and that never
happens so then i beat the hell out of
myself
and
that makes me less likely to put pen to
paper in the first place i'll
procrastinate
which is why if you write two crappy
pages per day you've won the day that's
a successful writing day
and
that does a few things it helps you to
maintain enthusiasm because you're
constantly winning and
of course on many days you'll write more
than two you'll get to two then you go
to five or to ten but if you're on an
off day you write two crappy pages even
if you never use it it's a successful
day and that i think for longer term
projects and extended creativity is
really important but the story that this
writer told me with that tip he said
okay this is where this comes from
did you know
that ibm when it was the 800 pound
gorilla it was an undefeatable
sales force
do you know what one of their rules was
he's like no
he says well what do you think their
quotas were and i was like well i'm sure
their quotas were really high because
they wanted to motivate their guys to
get after it he goes no their quotas
were the lowest in the industry wow and
the rationale was we don't want our
salespeople to be intimidated to pick up
the phone
we want them to feel like they're going
to pass their quota quickly which they
did and then they shot well past it and
clobbered the competition so the the
the the
counter-intuitive pairing of
low expectations leading to higher
performance is really odd right well so
let's ask the obvious question then so
as somebody who's had a lot of employees
at the you know the height i had over a
thousand employees
that feels dangerous yeah and it feels
dangerous and i think i have my own
answer but it feels dangerous because
some people
especially when an organization gets
that big they're looking for a place to
hide and you give it to them
yeah so i so the
i think that the
the winning combination
is selectively
selectively low quotas on a daily basis
with high expectations for metrics on
say a quarterly or annual basis so
you're tracking the numbers you want
them to hit home runs but it doesn't
have to be one at bat i think it's also
very context and role specific
but if we're talking about creativity
in particular right so not necessarily
work output the approach
their number of prolific writers
who have said
neil strauss said this there's no such
thing as writer's block which drives me
crazy cause i'm like come on like
you might be a mutant like x-men of
writing but for the normal humans come
on like give me a break and he goes no
no hear me out number one he is a
trained journalist and journalists tend
to have writing block beaten out of them
because their boss is like oh you can't
find the right prose
for your 500 word article oh
get it in by 5 o'clock [__] you know
and they're just like oh oh wait this
isn't school and they're like yeah
deadline that's that's your that's your
incentive writers blocked my ass and
he's like okay but he said
and what what they learn is
he said there's no such thing as
writer's block he said what that is
is performance anxiety that you've
imposed on yourself because your
expectations are too high
[Music]
there are three questions that you get
asked a lot what are they
oh the big one is how do i find my
passion okay and you can tell me the
ques i need you to answer each one of
them yeah but if you want to run through
what each of the questions are and then
we'll go back
yeah no i'll just do them as they are
perfect so how do i find my passion my
simple model which
is the dharma model it also dharma means
eternal duty in the vedic tradition it's
very similar to what ikigai is being
spoken about today which is a japanese
version of reason for being why do we
live
where is meaning coming from and it
talks about an intersect of four areas
what am i good at what do i love
what does the world need and how do i
get paid for it to me those four help
you unlock your passion when you find
the intersect across all of those four
you're making your passion your purpose
you'll unlock your passion you'll find
your purpose this is path one there's
two paths path one i find my skill set
and i engage it to help other people and
become better at it so i'm becoming
better at what i'm good at and i'm using
it to help other people because i'm
aware of what i'm quite good at and i
know what what knowledge i have what
skills i have i have some self-awareness
the other path that people often miss is
actually i just start serving people i
just start helping people and i start to
notice what i enjoy about that and what
i'm good at helping people with so
that's gandhi's part gandhi said that
you find yourself when you lose yourself
in the service of others so for me those
are the two paths of how do i find my
passion and finding the intersect
between those four areas
and the second one is
jay my relationship's falling apart i
get asked that all the time so the
answer to that is much harder
it's harder to summarize it but i always
start with self-actualization that
the problem is we have a list for the
one that we want
and we don't have a list for what we
need to become and i don't mean become
to attract i mean become to just be
to just get to understand yourself you
don't know what you need in your life
until you figure out who you are and so
i find too many people rush into
relationships without really recognizing
and being fully aware of what they need
from a relationship so it all comes back
to how aware are you how much
understanding do you have of yourself
and what you need and what you want
that's my best advice for a relationship
in like a minute
and and then the third question i mostly
get asked is jay what do you read like
what are your favorite books because it
seems you read a lot what are your top
three books they're not groundbreaking
in the sense that people may not be like
oh my god that's the best book i've ever
read
for me they changed my life so that's
where i'm coming at a point from i love
start with why by simon sinek and not
because i applied it to businesses
because i applied it to my life and even
today
i'm constantly refining my why that's
all i do every day my deepest morning
routine and practice is to refine why i
do what i do it's so easy for me to now
do it for money it's so easy for me to
now do it for followers it's so easy for
me to now do it for fame
and every day i have to refine that
because i know having lived as a monk
and what i practice that if those become
what i want then i'll forget who i need
to be
so
my daily practice and my daily routine
is refining my intention
which in modern language is why so for
me simon's book helped me do that
the bhagavad-gita
which i would love to do for vedic
knowledge what ryan's done for stoicism
and the bhagavad-gita over 5000 years
old and that book really
exemplifies human challenge third book
i'd say this one's going to be hard
because it's the last one
let me think i'm going to try throw
something else in there so i've done one
like self-development one more spiritual
enlightened man let me throw a
business book in seeing as i'm sure you
have a lot of business viewers i love
the book exponential organizations i
don't know if you read it
it's by salim ishmael and the
singularity university
and that book for me is an incredible
analysis of the success of all the
organizations we see ruling our phone
today the way it breaks down their
business models and how they were
created to me it's fascinating so if
anyone really wants to start up a
exponential business today then that's
where they have to go and that's when
peter diamandis said that
if you want to be a billionaire
redefining it is someone who impacts the
lives of a billion people
and and that's what that business book
is really about is how do you create an
exponential organization that positively
impacts a billion people so those are my
three for today
[Music]
your book is full of just a ridiculous
litany of amazing quotes both both from
you and other people and you had a quote
about this and you said beliefs are the
hidden scripts that run our lives and
that's one of those if you could get
people to really internalize the fact
that
right now your whole life is being
dictated by the beliefs that you have
yes how do you help people unwind those
beliefs how do you help them replace
them with more powerful beliefs because
that is like a layer of the operating
system that is so wildly
underappreciated yeah that that's almost
always where i start with people yeah it
has to be i think for all of us i think
the first thing for us to go to is that
recognizing that beliefs are a choice
and every choice can be changed yes so
beliefs are a choice and every choice
can be changed do people react like
you're crazy when you say that um you
know i haven't floated that out enough
in a big enough audience to see people
like
i don't believe it i'm dying to know how
people respond let's see because i i
really think people think that beliefs
are recognition of truth
and that to try to change your beliefs
is to try to deny the truth in some way
well i mean for anyone watching whoever
believed in santa claus
right like you believed things i'm
certain that i know i have like you
believed things when you were younger
even if you weren't a child if you were
a teenager or you were a young adult
that now
experience or wisdom or something has
shown you know that's not actually the
truth
anyway my point is this we collectively
have believed things both individually
and as a society over time that we've
changed our beliefs so i think that that
is proof positive that our beliefs are a
choice and those choices can indeed be
changed you know obviously there is the
phenomenon known as confirmation bias
which is the brains
just
it tends to reinforce what we already
believe and then ignore information
consciously or subconsciously that
doesn't match what we already believe
which is often why whenever we're having
conversations about really um delicate
topics like it could be about gun
control or reproductive rights or race
and they just evolve so fast because
people hunker down in their belief
bunkers and they're unwilling to see
another point of view but i do hold fast
to the fact that all beliefs are a
choice and choices can be changed and
here's what else is cool
you know this because you're so immersed
in the world of personal development
you're someone who is so committed to
learning and growth
over the years i've read more personal
development books than you can like just
shake a tree at and oftentimes
part of the exercise is like you have to
go hunt down all of your limiting
beliefs right so if you want to become
this powerful person and be the best
that you can be you need to find every
single limiting belief and then change
it and do all these different things
here's what i realized when writing this
book you actually don't need to do that
i have a time saving tool because
everybody needs to save some time and to
make this really effective and efficient
if you adopt the belief that everything
is figureoutable and you take that on
for yourself you don't need to go
hunting down all your limiting beliefs
because that one thing is like the
master key that handles everything below
it it's almost like flipping a switch in
your consciousness where then everything
else becomes possible so let's say if
you're like oh everything is figure out
about you bum bumped into something in
your relationship that feels like it's
problematic you're like oh i could
figure this out you don't need to go
necessarily looking for all those
limiting beliefs you may eventually
uncover them and that's cool you can
kind of clean them out but you don't
have to do all this front end work adopt
this one it's like the master key and
it'll help you achieve anything you want
for the rest of your life this is not
like hype i'm dead serious on this
all right guys i really hope you enjoyed
learning from these incredible
individuals i know i have taken so much
away from them and all of the amazing
insights that they have to offer really
will shape your life if you let it
please never stop learning and growing
that is going to be your best defense in
this time it's also going to be your
best offense so never ever ever stop
growing thanks for watching and until
next time my friends be legendary take
care
[Music]
look at yourself in 10 15 20 years time
and ask yourself the question
is that where i want to be
and if the answer is no
then you need to find a new part